>> Announcer: Their case
was looking up.
>> Judge Patricia: They damaged
the property.
>> I have nothing to prove.
>> Announcer: Until their son
took them down.
>> Judge Patricia: You gonna
tell me the truth?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Tanya: He threw you
under the bus.
>> I rest my case.
>> Announcer: "Hot Bench."
Judge Tanya Acker.
Judge Patricia DiMango.
Judge Michael Corriero.
Three judges.
Three opinions.
One verdict.
This is "Hot Bench."
Rondy Packard is suing
his former tenants,
Christa Smith and her boyfriend,
Marcell Davis,
for unpaid rent,
late fees and property damage.
>> Judge Patricia: All right,
everybody, thank you very much.
Please be seated.
And you guys, sit also.
>> Sonia: Your Honor,
this is case number 303,
Packard vs. Smith.
>> Judge Patricia: Thank you,
Sonia.
Mr. Packard.
>> Yes, ma'am?
>> Judge Patricia: You rented
a two-bedroom home
to the defendants
and their family.
You just have one little boy,
the two of you?
>> Two.
>> Judge Patricia: Two boys?
>> Yeah.
>> Judge Patricia: How old is
your other boy?
>> He'll be 3 next month.
>> Judge Patricia: Okay.
And you say that
they damaged the property.
You say the kids flushed
a doll head in the toilet bowl.
They took a pickax and shoved
that down
your outdoor drainage line.
>> That is correct.
>> Judge Patricia: And actually,
you claim, when they gave notice
that they were gonna break
the lease early, you were happy
about that because of all --
>> I was --
>> Judge Patricia: The damage
they'd done.
>> Ecstatic, ecstatic.
>> Judge Patricia: And --
and then you said that you
noticed another family moving in
as they were moving out.
So you're seeking
to recover several things.
One, you want some back rent,
$1,000.
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: Two.
You want $650 to repair
the property that they damaged.
And that would be over and above
the $500 that you kept
from their security.
>> That's correct.
>> Judge Patricia: And you also
want late fees for $400.
Your position is
this wasn't a two-bedroom house.
It was actually a garage
that was converted.
You called --
>> That's not true.
>> Judge Patricia:
Code enforcement
because you say
that the plumbing was bad
and there were other problems
to the house.
And in fact,
you are even counterclaiming
for the return of your security
deposit, $500,
and $575
in electric bills over and above
what you should've been paying.
All right.
How long was their lease for?
>> Their lease was
for one year.
>> Judge Patricia:
Do you have a copy of the lease?
>> I do.
>> Judge Patricia: Can we see
that, please?
It says your rent was $800.
Is that accurate?
>> It is because --
>> Judge Patricia:
Or $750?
>> We included in --
we included $50 --
>> Judge Patricia:
For the electric?
>> For the electric
'cause that was the norm,
uh, from the tenant before.
>> Judge Patricia:
Just your electric bill?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: Okay.
So now you say that, right away,
they started to complain
about the plumbing.
>> Yes, ma'am.
In July, they called me
and said there was a problem
with the plumbing.
>> Judge Patricia: Okay.
There was.
>> There -- there was --
>> Judge Patricia: There was
a decapitated doll in it.
>> It was.
>> Judge Patricia: So why
don't you step up
and tell us your name?
>> My name is Jordin.
>> Judge Patricia: How old
are you, Jordin?
>> Eight.
>> Judge Patricia: I'm gonna ask
you a bunch of questions.
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: You gonna
tell me the truth?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: Did you put
anything in the toilet bowl?
>> No.
>> Yeah.
>> Judge Patricia: Why are you
raising your hand?
>> Because it's not him.
It's --
>> Judge Patricia: It's
the 3-year-old?
>> It's Stinker.
Uh, that's what they --
>> He's 2.
>> They call him --
>> Judge Patricia: 2.
>> Stink --
>> He'll be 3 next month.
>> And if you take
a look at this picture,
it kinda says a lot. Let me --
>> Judge Patricia: Is that
his real name?
>> No.
>> Marcell.
He's a third.
>> Uh, but I don't know it.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know his name.
>> Judge Patricia: Oh,
my goodness.
Is this your little brother,
Stinker, in this picture?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: Oh, you're
the good boy?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: So you can
go sit down again, okay?
Thank you.
But you never saw him do that.
You never saw anybody
do anything.
>> Uh, no, ma'am. But he did.
That's why I wanted to --
>> Judge Patricia: So you want
him to give up his brother.
>> No, no, no.
I'm not asking him
to give him to me.
I want him to give up the truth
because when we --
he was there when I pulled that
anvil out of the cleanout.
>> Judge Patricia:
Oh, I meant to tell you --
>> Well, not anvil.
>> Judge Patricia: This thing.
He's 2!
He couldn't lift this thing up
and put it in there!
>> Ma'am, ask him.
He's the one that told us.
>> Judge Patricia: Jordin,
who put that
in the drain in the yard?
Do you know?
>> My brother.
>> Judge Patricia: Your brother?
[ Laughter ]
>> I rest my case.
>> Judge Patricia: Now,
they move out.
You're happy they're moving out.
>> Yes, ma'am.
>> Judge Patricia: What month
are you saying
that they owe you rent for?
>> $250 for August,
and all of September.
>> Judge Patricia: So $250 for
August and $750 for September.
>> Correct.
>> Judge Patricia: When did you
move out officially,
September 1st?
>> It was September the 3rd.
>> Yeah.
>> Judge Patricia: Did you --
>> Third.
>> Judge Patricia: Pay any rent
to him for the month of August?
>> I -- I gave him August, yes,
was completed.
Um, September,
I gave him a $500 money order.
>> Mm.
>> Judge Patricia: Do you have
a copy of the money order?
You should have some kind of --
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: Proof
of that.
Did you find new tenants
for the apartment?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: And who were
these people?
>> Um, employee,
uh, fellow employees.
>> Judge Patricia: Of yours?
>> Yes.
They got a month-to-month
agreement that was --
>> Judge Patricia: Do you have
a lease for these people?
>> I have a month-to-month
after they left.
>> Judge Patricia:
Let's see that.
So what's your complaint?
>> My complaint is,
she moved 'em in 30 days before.
>> They were just helping us
clean --
>> They, um --
>> Clean the place.
>> They was supposed to be there
to help clean so that
we could get our deposit back.
>> Judge Patricia: But if he
agreed,
why would he not
want these people in the home?
Because then, he would be
getting money from them?
>> Right.
>> Judge Patricia: If he didn't
agree,
I could see him
having a problem with that.
So that's what sort of makes
your story a little difficult
because he's asking for 1,000
in back rent.
You say that this money order
reflects that you gave him 500,
and they were
supposed to give him 250.
>> Correct.
>> Judge Patricia: I don't know
whether that happens.
He claims you took that 250.
But you would owe a full month's
rent for September.
Now, moving along,
the damages that were caused,
we need to see some proof
of the damages --
>> I have it right here.
>> Judge Patricia: As well
as the fact that they did it.
What is that you wanna --
>> These are --
these are receipts, Your Honor.
>> Judge Patricia: For?
>> Plumbing, uh, repairs and --
>> Judge Patricia: All right.
We'll take that.
I'd like to see a picture of
the place that you rented also
because you're claiming
as though it was a disaster.
So I'd like to --
>> It is.
>> Judge Patricia: See.
>> It had no insulation.
Uh, here's a --
>> Judge Patricia: But you moved
in.
>> Picture of before.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We -- we was --
>> Judge Patricia: You moved in.
And you lived there.
>> Moving in from out of state.
So we moved.
>> Judge Patricia: Enough,
enough, enough.
But the place is left fine.
I mean, it doesn't look damaged.
>> Oh, that's not --
that's not how it was left.
That's the before.
>> Judge Patricia: So this is
how you're
saying they left the premises?
>> Uh, yes, ma'am.
That's how it was
when I got there.
>> That was in the process
of us moving out.
>> Of moving out, yeah.
>> Judge Patricia: You know,
the process of moving, it seems,
by tenants in this courtroom,
is to just take
everything they own
and throw it all in a pile.
And they say, "We were moving."
So how do you show
that he's overcharged you
in your electric bills?
>> Um, actually,
our electric bills from my house
that I live in now,
which is over 11 --
1,100 square feet,
compared to --
>> Judge Patricia:
Oh, oh, no, no.
>> Theirs is --
>> Judge Patricia: See,
that's the problem here.
You were there.
You were using it.
And it was no insulation.
And you basically stayed there.
So bottom line is,
I'm not really sure about
your counterclaim
although I'm gonna listen to it.
And I'm going to pass the case
over to Judge Corriero.
>> Judge Michael: Now,
the defendant says
that it was a converted garage.
>> Well, you can look at
the pictures and --
>> Judge Michael: And --
and you didn't --
>> See it's not.
>> Judge Michael:
Have the proper permits for it.
And that's probably why
the plumbing didn't work right.
>> Well, let me show you
what the city of Fresno said.
It's a legal, rentable spot.
It's not a --
it's not a garage --
>> Judge Michael: You've
got to prove that.
>> As they assume.
Um, I have nothing to prove.
That is -- I --
I didn't know I needed anything
to prove that --
>> Judge Michael: Were there
dogs living there?
>> It was a legal spot.
>> Judge Michael: Was it used
somehow
as a doghouse in the past?
>> No. No. When they --
what they're speaking of is
I had a couple of Rottweilers
run in that yard
to protect the yard.
>> The dogs were in the house.
There was dog hair
all over the carpet.
W -- we had to shampoo
the carpet when we moved in.
So the dogs
were actually in the house.
>> Judge Michael: How
do you know they were his dogs?
>> Oh, 'cause the --
>> Because he -- he --
>> Dog lives in his --
>> Moved 'em from out of the --
>> [Indistinct]
>> House into the laundry room.
>> Judge Michael: All right.
So now --
>> That's not true.
>> Judge Michael: The gas
and --
>> That's not true.
>> Judge Michael: Electric,
was that tied up
to your actual home?
>> That was tied up to mine,
separate.
>> Judge Michael: Separate?
>> Separate.
>> Judge Michael: Why didn't you
have insulation in the home
that you're renting?
>> It is insulation in the home.
>> Here's a picture
where the stuff is held.
>>
You can see that there's no --
>> There's no -- there's no --
>> Insulation.
>> Judge Michael: Let me see.
>> Our dog did do a little bit
of damage in the home.
>> A little bit of damage?
>> And --
>> Judge Michael: What is this
a photograph of? Who --
>> That is a photograph
of the kitchen
wall that their dog --
they say their --
>> Which it's not [?]
>> Dog did.
>> And I told him that,
because my dog did that,
that I will pay for that.
>> Judge Michael:
What's the damage for this?
>> I paid the guy $200
to fix that.
He had to put wood and stuff.
>> I -- I mean,
I never got no price on what.
We had a conversation then.
I said, "Because my dog did
this, I will pay for that."
>> Judge Michael: Is this
the photograph of --
>> That's the same thing.
>> But there's no insulation.
[ Chatter ]
You see a tree
growing up in there.
>> There's roots that's growing
throughout the house to show
you that there's no insulation.
>> And it's -- it's growing
right by the plumbing, too.
That's why we had
plumbing problems.
>> Judge Michael: You see this?
>> Oh, I see it.
>> Three.
>> And it -- and it was there.
>> That's the same thing.
>> Judge Michael: Where is the
insulation then?
>> There was --
It's been gone 2 weeks
after they moved there
that it was like that.
They're saying it just happened.
It was like that 2 weeks
after they moved there.
>> Judge Michael: Thank you
very much. Judge Acker?
>> Judge Tanya: So we just heard
from your beautiful little boy.
And he threw you guys
under the bus with respect
to the plumbing, right?
I mean, the plaintiff said
that the plumbing was damaged
because of incidents
that involved your children.
I just heard from him,
who was like,
"Yeah. It was Stinker."
And then we see these darling
pictures
of Stinker running around,
looking like Dennis the Menace.
So -- but, you know,
in all fairness because you two
really do seem like very decent,
honorable people.
You admitted to the judges
the damages for which your --
>> Yeah, yeah.
I -- I told him I --
I would pay for that.
>> Judge Tanya: So how can I
ignore
your son's pointing the finger
at you guys for the plumbing?
I don't see any evidence
that the plumbing problems
were caused by the roots.
Why aren't you
on the hook for the plumbing?
>> The plumbing, that was
he even admitted,
when the plumber was pulling
the stuff out, it was --
>> And said it was
because of the roots.
>> They literally had
to dig out the --
>> Judge Tanya:
Do you have the report
from the plumber that says
it's a root?
>> No. They was already here.
>> Judge Tanya: Do you have
any evidence of roots?
>> No.
>> Judge Tanya: Judge DiMango
just handed me
a invoice and a statement
from plumbing where it says,
"Pulled out no roots.
Had to be obstacles thrown down
the toilet
other than toilet paper."
So the plumber
didn't find any roots.
I'm -- I'm done now.
Case aside, you guys have raised
a great young man.
By the way, what do you wanna be
when you grow up?
>> A cop.
>> Judge Tanya: Bravo.
>> Mm.
>> Judge Tanya: This -- Bravo.
Right there. Right there.
>> Judge Patricia: All right.
We're gonna retire
to deliberate. Thank you, all.
>> Announcer: "Hot Bench"
continues in a moment.
And later today...
>> Judge Tanya: You admit
that your sister
loaned this money to you.
It was bail money.
Let's just cut to the chase.
>> Yeah.
>> Judge Tanya: Right?
>> Judge Tanya: Who was it
that she bailed out?
>> Announcer: Three judges.
Three opinions.
One verdict.
"Hot Bench."
Rondy Packard says
former tenants Christa Smith
and Marcell Davis moved out,
owing for rent
and property damage.
The defendants are countersuing
for the return
of their security deposit
and utility bills.
>> Judge Patricia: Do you think
we should adjourn this
for Stinker to come in
and testify?
>> Judge Michael: Do you have
the photograph of Stinker?
>> Judge Patricia: I do
with the stick.
There he is.
>> Judge Michael: Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: Sneaking out
behind the -- the woodwork.
>> Judge Michael: Yes.
He looks like he's somewhat
of a -- a mischievous --
>> Judge Patricia:
Mischievous is the word.
>> Judge Patricia: Good word
for him.
>> Judge Michael: Young child.
But I cannot connect him
to any crimes
that I'm totally aware of.
First of all, I think
that the allegations about
the landlord I find credible.
>> Judge Patricia: I don't know
if I feel exactly the same way.
I haven't seen proof
of the unpaid rent. I don't know
if anybody else did.
>> Judge Tanya: We have 250
that was conceded.
>> Judge Patricia: He says 250's
for August and that --
>> Judge Michael: Right.
>> Judge Patricia: The 750 is
for September.
They're saying --
>> Judge Michael: They
gave him $500
on August 30th.
>> Judge Patricia: Right.
So that's either for
August or September.
So it could be either way.
>> Judge Michael: Right.
>> Judge Patricia: So, I mean,
since we don't have proof
that September's been paid,
and we have the 250 --
We do have the 1,000.
I don't wanna give him
the late fees
because we don't really know
how late anything was.
So we don't have a way
of calculating it
based on the lease.
>> Judge Michael: You don't have
any problem
with believing that this --
>> Judge Patricia: Yeah,
I don't --
>> Judge Michael: Converted shed
is habitable by people?
>> Judge Tanya: No.
>> Judge Patricia: Oh, I think
it's habitable.
But I think when -- I think --
>> Judge Michael: Where's
a certificate of occupancy
or proof that this is a place
that you can rent
out to people?
>> Judge Patricia: A lot of
people rent these
types of premises.
And they do it.
You can't just say
you can live there,
but then turn around and say,
"Well, it's not really --"
>> Judge Michael: Well, if
you need to live there.
>> Judge Tanya: But even though
this report from the city
does pertain to the plumbing,
this is a city agency.
And if a city agency
comes out to a premises
that's not permitted,
even if they're gonna check
an unrelated issue --
>> Judge Patricia: Absolutely.
>> Judge Tanya: I think
he would've been cited for that.
>> Judge Patricia: They do.
And we've seen that before.
>> Judge Tanya: I think he
would've been cited.
>> Judge Patricia: So assuming,
for argument's sake,
that we get through
the $1,000 rent
and some of the property
damages, should --
>> Judge Tanya: I think
that they're on the hook
for the property damages.
>> Judge Patricia: I do, too.
I can't help it.
>> Judge Tanya: Because I
actually found the plaintiff
credible.
And he had evidence for all.
I do feel
like he carried his burden.
>> Judge Michael: So
he's suing for --
>> Judge Patricia: $900.
>> Judge Michael: $900.
And you both are prepared
to give him how much?
>> Judge Patricia: $900
based on --
>> Judge Tanya: $900.
>> Judge Patricia: The bills and
then the $1,000 rent
but not the late fees.
And with regard
to their counterclaim,
he's gonna keep the $500 deposit
because he's already
utilized that.
And the utility bills,
they didn't show any proof.
>> Judge Tanya: She doesn't have
any evidence.
All she says is that
"Our bills are less now."
>> Judge Michael: I guess my
feeling is that this place
that they've rented out
of necessity
wasn't kept
in the best of shape by him.
But I can't prove that.
That's just a feeling.
So I will go along with
both of your views.
>> Judge Patricia: So $1,900?
>> Judge Tanya: Yeah, so that
includes
the 900 he's claiming is absent
their security deposit.
>> Judge Patricia: Correct.
>> Judge Tanya: Okay.
>> Judge Patricia: Perfect?
>> Judge Tanya: Very good.
>> Sonia: Remain seated.
Come to order.
This courtroom is again
in session.
>> Judge Patricia: Well, I know
you wanted to point the finger
at the absentee Stinker.
But nevertheless,
even if he did it,
it would be your responsibility
because he's your child.
The bottom line here is,
you didn't meet your burden
on every issue.
But you did meet it on some.
We do believe that they owe you
$1,000 rent.
We do believe that you
are entitled to the $900
in the property damage.
So to that extent,
you'll get $1,900.
You're not gonna
get the balance.
And with regard
to your counterclaim,
you really failed
to meet your burden there,
which would be to have
established
that you did overpay
7 months' worth of rent
by $75 a month
and that you are entitled
to the return
of your security deposit
based on what we see here.
But what we all agree
on one thing,
that you are just
a terrific young man.
And that's the judgment
of the court.
>> Sonia: This courtroom
is now in recess.
>> Money-hungry people
get what they want, I guess.
>> Just gold-diggers
trying to get some money.
>> He's very childish.
>> Announcer: And now
the next case.
>> Sonia: Case number 312
on calendar, Martinez vs.
Dibble, please step forward.
>> Announcer: Kathy Martinez
is suing her sister,
Loretta Dibble,
for an unpaid loan.
>> Judge Tanya: Ms. Martinez,
the defendant
is your little sister.
She asked you to loan her
some money.
She told you that
she'd pay you back in 60 days.
You took the money
out of your retirement account.
>> Yes.
>> Judge Tanya: And now you're
claiming that
she's refusing to pay you back.
And you're suing her
for that $2,700.
>> That's correct, Your Honor.
>> Judge Tanya: And, Ms. Dibble,
you admit that your sister
loaned this money to you.
It was bail money.
Let's just cut
to the chase, right?
>> Right.
>> Judge Tanya: You got
the money for bail.
>> Right.
>> Judge Tanya: And then it's
your position
that she as only gonna be repaid
if the person she was
bailing out sold some property.
And then when that person
got bailed out,
they skipped town.
And you claim
you're not on the hook for that.
>> Right.
>> Judge Tanya: Who was it
that she bailed out?
>> Announcer: "Hot Bench"
continues in a moment.
>> Judge Patricia:
You're not telling the truth.
>> She told me
she didn't want me to do that.
She just wanted cash.
>> Judge Patricia: I don't
believe a word that is
coming out of those two lips
of yours.
>> Announcer: Three judges.
Three opinions.
One verdict.
"Hot Bench."
Kathy Martinez says her sister,
Loretta Dibble,
owes for an unpaid loan
to bail a friend out of jail.
>> Judge Tanya: Who was it
that she bailed out?
>> Uh, my roommate.
>> That's not why
I gave it to her.
I had no idea at the time
that I gave it to her that --
>> Judge Tanya: Aha.
>> For bail money.
>> Judge Tanya: So how is it
that you came
to give your sister this money?
What did she tell you?
>> That she needed it
for a personal loan.
>> Judge Tanya: Do you have any
evidence that you
pulled these proceeds
out of your retirement account?
>> I do.
>> Judge Tanya: May I see that?
Ms. Dibble, you claim
that your sister became aware
of your need for this money
after you had a three-way
phone call
with her and the person --
>> Right.
>> Judge Tanya: In jail and
that she knew that the only way
she was gonna get repaid was
if this person in jail
sold some property.
Do you have any proof?
>> No.
What happened was,
I was at her house.
Um, I got the phone call.
>> Judge Tanya: What was
your roommate in jail for?
>> Speeding.
He was on a motorcycle and tried
to outrun the police
and got caught.
>> Judge Tanya: Who'd she give
the money to?
Did you take the money?
>> She gave it to me.
>> Judge Tanya: To bail
out your roommate?
>> Right.
But -- but the deal was
that he paid her back.
>> Judge Tanya: Show me evidence
of that deal.
>> Oh, I can't do that.
>> Judge Tanya: She didn't give
the money
to the incarcerated person.
She gave the money
to you, her sister.
>> Right.
>> Judge Tanya: And thus far,
ma'am,
I have not heard word one.
I don't understand how you,
in good conscience,
can avoid this obligation.
>> Because I didn't borrow
the money.
>> Judge Tanya: Judge DiMango?
>> Judge Patricia: You're not
telling the truth.
What was the bail set?
>> It was set at 50.
To get him out, it was 5,000.
>> Judge Patricia: It was 5,000.
>> Correct. And then I signed.
>> Judge Patricia:
So what you're telling me
is a person a who's spending
because he doesn't have
a driver's license
gets locked up,
and bail is set at $50,000?
What state do you live in?
'Cause I am never
driving through it.
>> It's Oregon.
And it's a felony.
>> Judge Patricia: Let's see the
bond receipt that you have
because I don't believe you,
that that's what the charge was.
Premium is 4,000 here,
payment amount, 2,000.
But there's nothing on here
that indicates
what the charges were.
But you bail him out.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Judge Patricia: You say that
there was an agreement
you would sell the property.
You have property at his house?
>> N -- no.
That wasn't the agreement
at first.
The agreement was --
>> Judge Patricia: So where --
>> For him to pay it back.
>> Judge Patricia: But you got
stuck with it.
He stuck you.
>> Yeah.
I didn't borrow the money.
>> Judge Patricia: Yes, you did.
>> Okay.
>> Judge Patricia: You didn't
borrow it for your own use.
But you borrowed it.
You're obligated to repay her
whether you use
it personally or not.
>> Okay.
>> Judge Patricia: Now,
do you have things in your
home that are his?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Patricia: Sell 'em.
>> That was the plan.
>> Judge Patricia: You --
>> She told me
she didn't want me to do that.
She just wanted cash.
>> Judge Patricia: I don't
believe a word that is
coming out of those two lips
of yours.
Judge --
>> Oh, well. Take it.
>> Judge Patricia: Corriero.
>> Judge Michael: You say this
friend that you bailed out
was a mutual friend
of you and your sister.
Is that correct?
>> Right, we both know him.
>> Judge Michael: How long
did you know him?
And how long did she know him?
>> Um, I've known him 15,
20 years.
>> Judge Michael: And his name
is Jacob?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Michael: Do you know
Jacob?
>> I know of him.
>> Judge Michael: You have
met him?
>> Yes.
>> Judge Michael: And under what
circumstances did you meet him?
>> From her,
when she allowed me.
>> Judge Michael: What do
you mean, when she allowed you?
>> She never let me talk to him.
>> Judge Michael:
What do you mean?
She was protective of him or --
>> Or me, some --
>> Judge Michael: Okay.
Now, the question is whether
you vouched for this fellow.
I mean, she wouldn't have
given him
the money to get bailed out
if you didn't say,
"He's my guy. Give it to him."
Am I right?
>> Okay.
>> Judge Michael: Well,
that okay is a big okay for me.
Because if you say okay,
then I have to believe that
my colleagues' perception...
>> Where she said --
>> Judge Michael: Is --
is where it should be.
>> That's fine.
She might not have gave me
the money if I went --
if it went to my roommate.
Right.
>> Judge Michael: Well, you --
you were vouching for her?
>> Sure. I told her, yes.
>> Judge Michael: All right.
I think I have a better picture
of the situation now.
>> Judge Patricia: We're gonna
retire to deliberate.
Thank you, ladies.
>> Announcer: "Hot Bench"
continues in a moment.
Closed caption is provided by...
>> Announcer: Kathy Martinez
has accused
her sister, Loretta Dibble,
of owing for a loan.
>> Judge Tanya:
There's no defense here
that I can see.
>> Judge Patricia: No.
>> Judge Michael: Neither do I.
I think she vouched
for the loan.
And she's responsible.
>> Judge Patricia:
I don't believe the defendant.
But my real issue here is,
did the plaintiff prove her case
when she said,
"Here's the money.
Make sure you pay me back"?
I mean, am I missing that there
was an agreement to be repaid?
>> Judge Tanya: Yeah.
It was supposed
to be back in two months.
And then she gave her more time.
>> Judge Patricia: Yeah, fine.
>> Judge Michael: Right.
>> Judge Patricia:
I'm done then.
>> Judge Tanya: I'm ready.
>> Sonia: Remain seated.
Come to order.
This courtroom is again
in session.
>> Judge Tanya: Ms. Dibble,
it's hard for me
to see you be so cavalier
when your sister's
breaking down like that.
>> 'Cause she's lying.
>> Judge Tanya: Uh, say --
don't say another word.
>> It's okay. I won't.
>> Judge Tanya: Your position
is outrageous.
It is absolutely outrageous.
It is shameful.
Shame on you.
Judgment for the plaintiff
in the amount of $2,700.
Good luck to you, ma'am.
>> Sonia: This courtroom
is now in recess.
>> Announcer: "Hot Bench"
continues in a moment.
And on the next "Hot Bench"...
>> It's been over a year.
I haven't talked to her.
So maybe just seeing
her makes me cr-- sad.
>> Drama.
>> 'Cause it's my sister.
And I just...
It hurts me.
>> She's faking.
-- Captions by VITAC --
www.vitac.com
Captions paid for by
CBS Television Distribution